Updating TSD Tools Assembly page (#1606)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/tool_assembly/tsd_assembly.md

  your_domain: [human_data]
training:
  - name: Documentation for the HPC cluster
    url: https://www.uio.no/english/services/it/research/sensitive-data/help/hpc/index.html
  - name: Courses on the usage of TSD from the University of Oslo
    url: https://www.uio.no/for-ansatte/kompetanse/tema/data/nettskjema-tsd/
  - name: Recording of a previous course on Nettskjema and TSD (April 2020)
    url: https://www.uio.no/for-ansatte/kompetanse/tema/data/nettskjema-tsd/tsd-nettskjema2april.html
---

## What is the Norwegian TSD Data Management Tools Assembly?
The Norwegian TSD tools assembly is centred around 
[TSD (services for sensitive data in Norwegian)](https://www.uio.no/english/services/it/research/sensitive-data/); an infrastructure provided by [the University of Oslo (UiO)](https://www.uio.no). Together with the complementary tools provided by ELIXIR, TSD is used for the management of [sensitive data](data_sensitivity), including [Human data](human_data).

> This assembly covers Data Life Cycle stage such as [Planning](planning), [Processing](processing), [Analysing](analysing) and [Sharing](sharing) and, in addition, offers [Data Storage](storage) capacities and tools for [transfer](data_transfer) of sensitive data, following the requirements of the {% tool "eu-general-data-protection-regulation" %} and its Norwegian implementation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This assembly covers Data Life Cycle stages such as [Planning](planning), [Processing](processing), [Analysing](analysing) and [Sharing](sharing) and, in addition, offers [Data Storage](storage) capabilities and tools for [transfer](data_transfer) of sensitive data, following the requirements of the {% tool "eu-general-data-protection-regulation" %} and its Norwegian implementation. 
```

Author: @bianchini88 I think 'data storage capacities' is more appropriate, I am thinking in terms of https://www.uio.no/english/services/it/research/sensitive-data/access/prices/index.html
TSD as TRE already has data storage capabilities that's why it exists. Thoughts? :)

Reviewer: Ok, I see. "capabilities" is wrong, then. Can I suggest "quotas"?

## Who can use the TSD data management tools assembly?

Resources on TSD are accessible for international users through the [User Management in TSD webpage](https://www.uio.no/english/services/it/research/sensitive-data/help/administrative-tasks/administer-users.html#toc2) (maintained by the University of Oslo); the page provides guidance on account creation and administration procedures. Researchers in Norway can also access resources through the [Sigma2 e-infrastructure program](https://www.sigma2.no/sensitive-data-services) which offers additional services and support for sensitive data storage and processing.
If you are affiliated with a Norwegian institution that has a [data processing and/or service agreement with TSD](https://www.uio.no/tjenester/it/forskning/sensitiv/hjelp/start/kontrakter/index.html), you can use/amend the agreement to account for your project. Otherwise, you can establish a data agreement for your individual project by contacting [tsd-contact@usit.uio.no](mailto:tsd-contact@usit.uio.no). 

> International users may need to follow additional steps to comply with data protection regulations, for example, additional authentication or approval steps may be required to ensure compliance with both institutional and international data protection regulations. Specific procedures for accessing resources from outside Norway are outlined in the TSD user documentation, and further assistance can be sought from the University of Oslo's support team or through local research infrastructure providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
International users may need to follow additional steps to comply with institutional and international data protection regulations. For example, additional authentication or approval steps may be required. Specific procedures for accessing resources from outside Norway are outlined in the TSD user documentation, and further assistance can be sought from the University of Oslo's support team or through local research infrastructure providers.
```
